fix(baseapp): Utilizing voting power from VEs in ValidateVoteExtensions (#17518)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

* (types) [#16583](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/16583), [#17372](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17372) Add `MigrationModuleManager` to handle migration of upgrade module before other modules, ensuring access to the updated context with consensus parameters within the same block that executes the migration.

> * (baseapp) [#17518](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17518) Utilizing voting power from vote extensions (comet) instead of the current bonded tokens (baseapp) to determine if a set of vote extensions are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (baseapp) [#17518](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17518) Utilizing voting power from vote extensions (CometBFT) instead of the current bonded tokens (x/staking) to determine if a set of vote extensions are valid.
```
